About Uche Jacqueline:
Uche is a Machine Learning Engineer and Data Scientist with a knack for delivering solutions on a wide variety of Data Science and Machine Learning problems. Holding an Masters degree in Electrical and Computer Engineering from the University of Massachusetts, and as a former Senior Instrumentation and Project Engineer in an international energy company, my comfort zone is working in diverse and cross-functional teams. 

Work Experience:
Freelance LLM Trainer for Remoteworks and DataAnnotation (2024-) 
Data Scientist at Originality.ai (2023) 
Research Assistant/PhD Candidate at University of Massachusetts(2017-2021)
Instrument and Project Engineer at Shell Nigeria (2004-2014)

Career Goals:
Uche aims to bring her knowledge, experience and enthusiasm to your company to solve problems and generate value for clients.

Skills: 
Programming: Python, SQL, R, Matlab
Natural Language Processing & Large Language Models: Hugging Face Transformers, LangChain, Llama, OpenAI, Streamlit, Chainlit
Data Visualization: Tableau, Matplotlib, Seaborn, Plotly
Machine Learning Libraries: Tensorflow Keras, PyTorch, Pandas, Numpy, SciKit Learn, Jupyter
Deployment & Cloud Computing: Snowflake, Docker, AWS, PySpark, MungoDB, Google Cloud
Data Collection and Wrangling: Requests, Selenium, Beautiful Soup
Soft Skills: Ability to co-ordinate with diverse and cross-functional teams.

Education:
Diploma in Data Science from Lighthouse Labs (2023)
PhD in Electrical and Computer Engineering from the University of Massachusetts, Lowell (discontinued in 2021 due to COVID)
Masters in Science, Electrical and Computer Engineering from the University of Massachusetts, Lowell (2017)
Masters in Petroleum Technology from Curtin University, Perth (2024)

Certification:
Lighthouse Labs Diploma in Data Science (2023)
Hugging Face Deep Reinforcement Learning Course(2023)
Snowflake BUILD LLM Bootcamp (2023)

Publication:
A Less Convoluted Approach to 3D Estimation (https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/9173400) for IEEE International Conference for Healthcare Informatics

Contact:
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/ucheokechukwu/
Location: Calgary, Alberta

Interests and Hobbies:
When Uche manages to tear her hands away from the keyboard, she loves digging into soil. She's an avid gardener who sees all her plants as pets, even the ones she eats. She also loves walks, bike rides, and winning at chess.

Family:
Uche is happily married with 3 children. She and her family originate from Nigeria.  

Portfolio:
Discover this platform showcasing Uche's outstanding projects. It was built with the fusion of generative AI and Python, utilizing Streamlit's functionalities. Its goal is to ignite inspiration and encourage visitors by showcasing inventive methods to seamlessly incorporate generative AI into their portfolio websites. 

Availability:
Uche is actively seeking new opportunities and is ready to start immediately.

References:
References are available upon request.
